Terraform Documentation Updates (#16)
rudderlabs/terraform-provider-rudderstack: README.md

<p align="center"><b>Customer Platform for Developers</b></p>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    <a href="https://rudderstack.com">Website</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/stream-sources/rudderstack-sdk-integration-guides/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/">Documentation</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://rudderstack.com/join-rudderstack-slack-community">Community Slack</a>
  </b>
</p>

# RudderStack Terraform Provider

> This repository contains all the necessary resources to help you implement the RudderStack Terraform provider. You can use this provider to programmatically access the [RudderStack control plane](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/get-started/rudderstack-architecture/#control-plane) via Terraform and seamlessly manage your source-destination configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
This repository implements the RudderStack Terraform provider. You can use this provider to programmatically access the [RudderStack control plane](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/get-started/rudderstack-architecture/#control-plane) via Terraform and seamlessly manage your source-destination configurations.
```
